Layout
=======

Thank you for purchasing the MEAP for Grokking Bitcoin. I sincerely
hope that you will find this book valuable.

Bitcoin is digital money. You can transfer bitcoins globally, quickly,
cheaply. Bitcoin is a global network of computers that collectively
keeps track of who owns what bitcoins. There is no central authority,
like a central bank, that controls the issuance of money or verifies
payments. All tasks performed by central authorities in traditional
financial systems are instead performed by the Bitcoin network.

Let's face it: Bitcoin is hard. But it is my firm belief that anyone
with a technical interest can understand the basics of Bitcoin. If you
know what a database, a computer program, and a computer network is,
you should be able to follow most parts of this book. Some parts might
be a bit too technical for you, but they are optional and I'll warn
you ahead of those sections.

The number one goal of this book is to give you enough understanding
to decide for yourself whether you trust Bitcoin or not. If we reach
that goal, it also means that you'll quickly understand more simple
stuff not covered by this book, like how to install a Bitcoin wallet
and what buttons to click to make payments. Understanding the hard
stuff makes the simple stuff simple. The book is not intended as a
tutorial on "how to use Bitcoin", but as a way to empower yourself
with knowledge, to Grok.

You can't write a book alone. You need feedback from many different
people. I hope that you will not hesitate to give honest, and even
frank, feedback in the forum. Where did you get stuck? Did you spot a
factual error? Is the learning path awkward? Me and the good folks at
Manning don't have the eyes of the intended reader, so without you we
are fumbling in the dark.

Thank you again for your interest in this book.
Kalle Rosenbaum



Thank you for joining the MEAP for Grokking Bitcoin!

Let's face it: Bitcoin is hard.

Grokking Bitcoin is intended to be the book I would have liked to read
when I started with Bitcoin. The book goes deep, really deep
sometimes, hopefully answering all your questions along the way.




When I started learning about Bitcoin in 2013, there was no Bitcoin
book. I had to browse through a jungle of scattered information on the
web like forums, wikis and email-lists. Even source code for various
Bitcoin software projects came to the rescue at times. That is not the
ideal learning path.


Bitcoin is a truly groundbreaking technology. It has the potential to
completely disrupt our status-quo financial system.

Let's face it: Bitcoin is hard.

You don't have to be a geek to grok Bitcoin.


When I started learning about Bitcoin in 2013, there was no Bitcoin
book. I had to browse through a jungle of scattered information on the
web like forums, wikis and email-lists. Even source code for various
Bitcoin software projects came to the rescue at times.

Grokking Bitcoin is intended to be the book I would have liked to read
when I started with Bitcoin. The book goes deep, really deep
sometimes, hopefully answering all your questions along the way.





My hope is that your input will help us walk the last mile in making
this book the go-to source for any Bitcoin beginner.


The book will be released under an open source license at latest 3
months after publication. The open source version will be raw source
code and images for the book. While the open source version can be
easily exported to html, it will not get the look and feel of a
Manning Grokking book.


Who is this book for?

Takeaways?

Thank you once again for your interest in this book.
